[IMP] inventory: packages kanban view (#10632)
odoo/documentation: content/applications/inventory_and_mrp/inventory/product_management/product_tracking/package.rst

.. seealso::
   :doc:`Using cluster packages
   <../../warehouses_storage/advanced_operations_warehouse/cluster_picking>`

View packages
=============

> To view all packages go to :menuselection:`Inventory app --> Products --> Packages`. By default,

Reviewer: I'm assuming the need to activate the 'Packages' setting is already mentioned above, but figured it was worth mentioning here, just in case it wasn't 😄

> packages are shown in kanban view, in their current storage location.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
packages are shown in Kanban view, in their current storage location.
```

.. tip::

>    Move packages between internal locations using drag-and-drop.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   Drag-and-drop packages to move them between internal locations.
```
OPTIONAL rewording
